README.md, before:

# Unit Testing with NUnit, xUnit, and MSTest

## Description

This project is a collection of examples and best practices for unit testing with three popular testing frameworks in C#: NUnit, xUnit, and MSTest. The code samples demonstrate how to write and run tests, create test fixtures and suites, use assertions, and mock dependencies.
The project is designed to help developers of all levels improve their unit testing skills and adopt a Test-Driven Development (TDD) approach. The code is organized by framework, with each framework containing multiple test cases and fixtures that cover a wide range of scenarios.


## Description

- Examples of how to use NUnit, xUnit, and MSTest for unit testing in C#
- Best practices for writing and running tests, creating fixtures and suites, and using assertions and mocks. Comprehensive coverage of
- common testing scenarios, such as testing exceptions, asynchronous code, and APIs.
- Easy-to-follow code samples with clear comments and explanations.
- Suitable for developers of all levels, from beginners to experts. Continuously updated with new test cases and frameworks.

## AAA in unit testing:
AAA in unit testing stands for "Arrange, Act, Assert". It is a common pattern used to structure unit tests in a clear and organized way, making them easier to understand and maintain. Each letter in the AAA pattern represents a phase of the unit test:

- Arrange: In this phase, you set up the necessary preconditions for the unit test. This may involve creating objects, setting up input data, or configuring the environment in which the test will run.

- Act: In this phase, you execute the code that you want to test. This may involve calling methods, invoking functions, or simulating user interactions.

- Assert: In this phase, you check the result of the code that you executed in the "Act" phase to see if it meets your expectations. This may involve comparing the actual result to an expected result, verifying that an exception was thrown, or checking the state of objects or variables.






# String Assertions with NUnit

- Assert.AreEqual: Assert.AreEqual("hello world", "Hello World", StringComparison.OrdinalIgnoreCase);
- Assert.Contains: Assert.Contains("world", "hello world");
- Assert.StartsWith: Assert.StartsWith("hello", "hello world");
- Assert.EndsWith: Assert.EndsWith("world", "hello world");
- Assert.IsMatch: Assert.IsMatch("[0-9]+", "12345");

These are just a few of the string assertion methods available in NUnit. There are many more that can be used to test various aspects of strings in unit tests.

Commit message:

BankAccount Testing, intro to MOC

README.md, after:

# Unit Testing with NUnit, xUnit, and MSTest

## Description

This project is a collection of examples and best practices for unit testing with three popular testing frameworks in C#: NUnit, xUnit, and MSTest. The code samples demonstrate how to write and run tests, create test fixtures and suites, use assertions, and mock dependencies.
The project is designed to help developers of all levels improve their unit testing skills and adopt a Test-Driven Development (TDD) approach. The code is organized by framework, with each framework containing multiple test cases and fixtures that cover a wide range of scenarios.


## Description

- Examples of how to use NUnit, xUnit, and MSTest for unit testing in C#
- Best practices for writing and running tests, creating fixtures and suites, and using assertions and mocks. Comprehensive coverage of
- common testing scenarios, such as testing exceptions, asynchronous code, and APIs.
- Easy-to-follow code samples with clear comments and explanations.
- Suitable for developers of all levels, from beginners to experts. Continuously updated with new test cases and frameworks.

## AAA in unit testing:
AAA in unit testing stands for "Arrange, Act, Assert". It is a common pattern used to structure unit tests in a clear and organized way, making them easier to understand and maintain. Each letter in the AAA pattern represents a phase of the unit test:

- Arrange: In this phase, you set up the necessary preconditions for the unit test. This may involve creating objects, setting up input data, or configuring the environment in which the test will run.

- Act: In this phase, you execute the code that you want to test. This may involve calling methods, invoking functions, or simulating user interactions.

- Assert: In this phase, you check the result of the code that you executed in the "Act" phase to see if it meets your expectations. This may involve comparing the actual result to an expected result, verifying that an exception was thrown, or checking the state of objects or variables.






## String Assertions with NUnit

- Assert.AreEqual: Assert.AreEqual("hello world", "Hello World", StringComparison.OrdinalIgnoreCase);
- Assert.Contains: Assert.Contains("world", "hello world");
- Assert.StartsWith: Assert.StartsWith("hello", "hello world");
- Assert.EndsWith: Assert.EndsWith("world", "hello world");
- Assert.IsMatch: Assert.IsMatch("[0-9]+", "12345");

These are just a few of the string assertion methods available in NUnit. There are many more that can be used to test various aspects of strings in unit tests.

## Mocking Framework
# MOQ is a popular mocking framework for unit testing in .NET. It allows developers to create mock objects in order to test the behavior of code that depends on external resources. Here are some key points about MOQ:

MOQ is a .NET mocking library that enables developers to create mock objects to simulate the behavior of external dependencies in unit tests.
MOQ uses lambda expressions to define the behavior of mock objects, making it easier to create and modify mocks.
With MOQ, developers can verify that a mock object was called with the correct parameters or that a method was called a certain number of times.
MOQ supports both classic and fluent syntax, giving developers the flexibility to choose the syntax that works best for their specific use case.
MOQ also includes features for setting up mock object behaviors for properties, events, and methods that return values.
In addition to its core mocking functionality, MOQ provides support for verifying the order of method calls and for verifying that exceptions are thrown under certain conditions.
MOQ integrates with popular unit testing frameworks such as NUnit and MSTest, making it easy to incorporate into existing test suites.
Overall, MOQ is a powerful tool for developers looking to write more effective and efficient unit tests in .NET.
